	My initial reaction to Kohn’s article before reading it was incredulity. I couldn’t really imagine how a system of education would work without coming up with quantifiable ways to evaluate the performance of its participants. By the end of the article I found myself surprised that not only had people been considering this issue for almost 80 years, but that I ended up agreeing with him. The easiest way for me to lose interest in something is to get paid to do it. In a similar way, it makes sense that turning education into a system of rewards (good grades) for learning can eliminate joy from the process of learning and pervert incentives. 

	I had a class at Grand Valley where I did not feel my final grade reflected my understanding of the material at all. It was a cost accounting class with a final project worth about 20% of our grade. I had finished the project about 2 weeks ahead of time but decided not to turn it in just in case I wanted to make any final edits. Of course, I forgot to turn the project in on time and it ended up being turned in a few hours late. I received a score of 0%, which hurt my final grade considerably. At the time I considered it fair and never even bothered trying to convince my professor that I deserved at least some credit for it. I think the focus on grades and earning marks throughout my life was so internalized that I just viewed my final grade as a fair assessment of how well I ticked the boxes for the class. When I look back on it now, it seems draconian and my final grade didn’t reflect my understanding of the course material.

	I think if grades were removed from the classroom it would encourage much more exploration of topics that interested students, which would foster better understanding of those topics. In order to stay motivated students would have to pursue their own avenues of learning by delving into topics they care about instead of performing the minimum amount of work possible to satisfy a requirement. I’m reminded of quote from a video game designer that explained how players would “optimize the fun” out of the game if given the opportunity. I believe the same concept applies to education, but students will optimize the learning out of the classroom. The classroom should be more akin to an open world exploration rather than bot farming resources in an MMORPG.

	My one remaining sticking point about the idea of dropping grades altogether is that it may not be easy for another school or entity to evaluate your performance, such as a graduate school if you’ve come from an undergraduate program that does not give grades. If it was harder for them to evaluate you they might be less inclined to do it. While I think the ideal outcome would be to drop grades everywhere, I would suspect going to an institution that adopted this could possibly hurt you compared to your peers in certain circumstances.
